[scared yelling]
[whoosh]
[screaming]
[groaning]
[PAS] I'm glad to see you safe
and sound, Lord Squale!
It's been a while.
We heard you were sent here,
so we came to lend a hand.
Now,
let's return
with tidings of victory.
I'm relieved you weren't
hurt out there, Lord Squale.
You rescued me
from a dire situation.
I have no words
to express my gratitude
[LUTOROUTE]
House Morteln?
Wretched Hubarek.
How'd he manage
to tame a monster
like that to do
his bidding?
[AIDE 1]
This could be a serious
problem for our campaign.
With Morteln at their side,
there's a chance Duke Kadlecek
might send reinforcements.
[heavy breathing]
Should we withdraw our soldiers
now, sir?
[thud]
[growling]
Blast them all
straight to hell!
[HUBAREK] Lord Squale,
I'm so glad you're safe.
I was beside myself worrying
something might
have happened to you.
We did repel the enemy,
but that came with a cost.
Many men have lost their lives.
My lack of due diligence
put you in grave danger.
It isn't your fault.
And as for you two,
I'm in your debt.
You have my gratitude.
Lord Squale performed
splendidly on the battlefield.
[CASSEROLE] Even when
surrounded by enemies.
He refused to yield.
He was determined
to fight his way out.
And yet I do not know
what would have happened to me
out there
if you two hadn't come.
According to the reports,
Lutoroute seems to be
withdrawing his troops for now.
Excellent news
to hear, Your Grace.
It's time to celebrate the men
who helped to lead us
to our victory.
You first and foremost,
Lord Squale,
for your steadfast
devotion in battle.
You were quite brave.
Was I really?
You seem rather tired.
That makes sense.
Perhaps you should rest
for a while.
I think I might do that.
I'm so glad you're back.
I was worried,
you weren't hurt, were you?
I appreciate your concern,
but I suffered no more
than scratches, I assure you.
I'm so relieved to hear that.
I missed you.
Mm-hmm.
What's wrong, Lord Squale?
[sighs]
I'm exhausted right now.
We can talk later.
I'll show you to your room.
I'm sorry, but please,
I just need some time
to myself to think.
Please, wait, Lord Squale.
I'm worried about him.
He's unwell.
His first deployment
really took its toll.
People often
find themselves crushed.
The weight of the emotional
trauma is too much to bear.
[HUBAREK]
I must agree with you.
It does seem to have been
rather difficult for him.
[CASSEROLE] Indeed.
but for the heir
to the ducal house
that oversees
the royal capital's military,
it's a necessary
life experience.
[HUBAREK]
Indeed.
Yes, but, he had such a
haunted expression on his face.
I've never seen him like that.
[PETRA]
I feel helpless.
What can I do to ease
his suffering?
Though he needs me,
I don't know what will make him
feel better
or how to comfort him
after all of this.
Pas,
remember, when we
defeated those bandits.
Marc made a bad mistake,
but then you found a
way to cheer him up.
Huh?
[PAS] Oh, you mean
when I made the bonka pie.
You and Lord Squale are
about the same age, as well.
Can you handle this?
Oh, uh, I could try.
Oh, thank you.
It means so much.
Right.
I don't mind,
but I can't help feeling like
if his fiancee
can't console him,
I have no chance.
I believe you do.
All I truly want is to see that
sweet smile back on his face.
There is nothing
I want more...
His smile?
[LICORICE] Imagine they could
share the finished desserts
with a big smile
and open heart.
Then war would become
a thing of the past.
And everyone in
the world would be so happy
and joyful all the time.
You're so wise.
Sweets really do
make everyone happy.
[PAS] Behind every
smile is a sweet!
His smile.
Yeah, of course. I know!
Looks like you've
got an idea. Yes?
There's something
I want to make.
Can you please
have the materials
readied for me right away?
-What kind of sweet?
-Wha--
I know my own son.
Yeah, well, Father.
You know it isn't like that.
I'm not doing
this just so I have
an excuse to bake something.
[CASSEROLE]
Do whatever you like.
Really?
Wow.
-I'll leave it in your hands.
-Lord Pastry, please!
He needs you.
And I'll see to it
that you get whatever you need.
Thank you so much, Your Grace.
In that case, could you please
ready some bonkas for me?
Hmm? Some bonkas?
Will you be baking
a bonka pie?
Not quite.
♪
[PAS]
Lord Squale is feeling lost.
He's shut himself
away from the world
because he feels incompetent.
[knocking]
I want to bring him the
heartfelt light of a smile.
And help guide him back to the
path of happiness and warmth!
Raise your glass, to victory!
[ALL]
To victory!
[HUBAREK] Aah, this
is our fief's best wine!
Drink to your hearts' content!
♪
[indistinct chatter]
[MALE 1] Everyone said
this would be a great battle
but it ended
with one skirmish.
[MALE 2] Yeah, I was hoping to
get some recognition out of it.
[MALE 3] It seems the only one
with any bragging rights
is that spoiled
little outsider!
I'd hardly call it fair.
What a joke!
[LADY 1] Must be
nice to be well-born, huh?
I would urge you to pay them
no mind.
Some people
just like to grumble.
It's fine.
I can't say that
they're mistaken after all.
It's an unfortunate truth.
War comes with great sacrifice.
[CASSEROLE]
Your grandfather Duke Kadlecek
is a soldier of great repute,
so you must
internalize that fact
even more than most men would.
[SQUALE] You are correct.
I know...
my position of prominence,
is due to my place
in the duke's line.
The margrave had
even set up a perfect
first campaign
for me and yet I...
I failed. How will I face him?
I struggled
in my first campaign, too.
You accomplished great deeds
in your battle, Lord Squale
and you're allowed to feel
proud of yourself for that.
Thank you all
for your kind words.
[SQUALE] I can't
get it out of my mind.
All because of my inexperience.
♪
-Mm.
-Hmm.
I'm sorry I'm late.
Your Grace,
it's wonderful to see you.
Allow me to congratulate
you on your victory.
You are the one who came to my
aid, so you have my thanks.
[PAS]
And if I may say,
with such
decisiveness, capacity
for quick action
and reliability,
it's no wonder you were looked
at as a leader of our kingdom.
My, you're absolutely too kind.
I don't know what to say.
To celebrate the occasion,
I briefly borrowed your kitchen
to make something
extra special.
May I show it to you?
[HUBAREK]
But of course.
Wow!
[gasps]
Oh...
♪
[crowd exclaims]
Oh, that smell!
What is that?
It smells so rich.
[LADY 2] I've never seen
anything like it before!
[PAS]
Here. I made it for you.
[SQUALE]
Is this reddish-brown stuff
on the top some kind of
fruit I've yet to try?
Thanks, but what is it?
It's called a tarte Tatin.
That sounds interesting.
It's a dessert
made from bonkas.
I baked it especially
for you, Lord Squale.
So this fruit layered
on top,
it's just bonkas?
Have they been baked, as well?
[PAS]
Yes.
Nicolo, bring the tarte Tatin
from the kitchen,
so everyone can try it.
[NICOLO]
Of course, Milord.
[SQUALE]The sweet, fresh
scent of bonkas
paired with the delicate
aroma of a freshly-baked crust.
I have to taste it.
I guess my appetite's back.
Huh!
It's really made of bonkas?
They taste different to me!
When you heat the bonkas
it gives depth
to their tartness
and intensifies
their sweetness.
[PAS] The crunchy
charred bits on the surface,
the creaminess of
the baked bonkas,
and the texture
of the tart shell,
all contrast so beautifully,
it's like heaven in your mouth!
I've never tried
anything like it.
It's the best
sweet I've tasted.
[PAS]
I'm honored.
[SQUALE] Why is it
called "tarte Tatin?"
[PAS] The name
actually comes from
the two master tart-makers,
the Tatin sisters.
I've never heard of them.
Typically with tarts, you
lay the fresh fruit directly
on top of the raw dough
and then bake it.
But one day,
one of the sisters forgot
to put the crust into the mold.
So they ended up roasting
the fruit in the oven alone.
With no other choice,
The sisters laid the dough
on top of the half baked fruit
and let it finish.
Doing so resulted in what
we now call a tarte Tatin.
That's where it comes from?
In other words, a lot
of people at the time,
would have probably
said that tarte Tatin
was a failure of a tart.
A failure?
[PAS] But...
I happen to think
this dessert can
teach us something
incredibly important.
And that is?
If the Tatin sisters hadn't
been adaptable that day,
when faced with their error,
they could've easily thrown
out the fruit and started over,
then this tart might never
have been created, huh?
It was a treat that most
bakers would've just discarded.
But instead,
because the Tatin
sisters didn't give up
and refused to let their
failure go to waste,
we can enjoy its
deliciousness even now.
They refused to let
their failure go to waste?
Whenever I mess up
a sweet I'm making,
I think back to the
tarte Tatin and remember
the origins of
this masterpiece.
So failure doesn't
have to be a waste at all.
The most important thing
is to keep looking forward
and working hard, even
in the face of defeat.
[KADLECEK] For the next
heir to the Kadlecek name,
failure is unacceptable!
Never show weakness to anyone.
Are you aware of what carrying
the Kadlecek name means?
Yes, but my failures hold
more weight than others'.
They affect more than me alone.
[PETRA] But you didn't
fail at all, Lord Squale!
Huh?
Have you forgotten
what I said to you
right before your departure?
What was it
that mattered to me?
[PETRA]
Please, promise,
you'll return to me safely!
You made it home alive,
and you kept your promise
to your future wife.
But still,
the only reason I made it
out of danger was because
of other sacrifices.
I just feel so awful
for all of them.
You have a heart.
Isn't that how a leader
should feel
after watching his soldiers
go down in battle?
Instead of celebrating the
victory of your first campaign,
you're
thinking about all of the men
who sacrificed their lives
for you.
I'm very proud of you
for the modesty you've shown.
And you should be, too.
Lady Petra.
All I truly wanted was your
safe return, Lord Squale.
Nothing could make me happier
than that.
[whimpers]
Thank you, so much.
Lord Pastry. I am in your debt.
Someday, I swear I will
become a stronger man.
[SQUALE] I won't let
this failure be in vain.
I believe in you
[SQUALE] Pardon me,
would anyone mind
if I had another
piece of tarte Tatin?
[PAS]
Of course not.
Lady Petra, would you
like to go find a sunny spot
in the garden
and enjoy this treat together?
Sounds great.
[CASSEROLE] He seems to be
in better spirits.
[PAS]
Yes.
Sadly, the heartbreak
of your first campaign
is something you have
to overcome on your own.
I could remember
how hard it was
for me going through it
as a young man.
Yes, that's right.
I also experienced
similar struggles myself
when I was young.
Did you?!
Well in any case, Lord Pastry,
I must find a way
to offer my thanks.
If there's anything
in particular
you'd like, simply name it.
Huh? Wait, for real?
[PAS] There are so many things
on my list.
I want it all.
But what do I really need
to make my land of sweets?
[gasps]
Your Lordship,
there is something I want.
[LICORICE]
Welcome home, Pastry!
[PAS]
It feels good to be back.
Just look at all that stuff.
Are they merchants now?
They're expressions
of gratitude
sent from Lord Hubarek.
I'm so glad you're safe.
Also, your father
gave me a letter for you.
Oh, thank you.
I can't wait to read it.
"Work the negotiations
to our advantage?"
Let's see.
That must be why
the boss decided
to stay behind in
the margravate?
That's right.
You can be
certain of one thing.
Baron Lunzvage
will pay for shoving
his greedy hand
into my wallet!
So as you can imagine,
he seemed pretty worked up.
Sounds like another example
of, like, father like son.
Besides, this all started
because he used
"procurement in a time of war"
to buy all the goats that
were supposed to come to us.
And he seemed
quite enthusiastic
about doing it too.
[PAS] I'm sure he
won't complain too much
if we buy up all the provisions
and livestock
he was going to get in turn.
Buy them up?
Why after all,
Morteln contributed
the most to the
campaign, did we not?
Since we're doing this
anyway, rendering him docile
by inflicting a two-fold return
should make future
negotiations easier.
Ha, ha, ha.
That look on your
face is so creepy.
Well, of course
it's up to father--
[CASSEROLE]
Negotiations are complete.
-Father.
-So soon?
Come on.
We're heading right back.
Huh? Why? What's the rush?
It's going to take forever
with my teleportation alone,
it'll be faster
if you replicate my magic
and help me carry it.
Really? There's that much?
Just what did you
negotiate for?
♪
[sighs]
[gasps]
How?
What the heck is all this?
Come on now! This is obviously
going too far!
Even for you, boss!
Look at these beauties.
Now, you don't see horses this
exquisite very often, Feuille.
They were going
through the final checks
when I insisted on
buying them before
they were sent to
Baron Lunzvage.
Eye for an eye, huh?
[CASSEROLE]
Apparently, the baron paid
enormous amounts of money
to raise them under
his supervision
from when they
were just foals.
To have such a low
ranked noble
swipe them out
from under his nose...
He's probably
writhing in frustration
and pain right about now.
You know that weird
face you're making
is even creepier
looking than your kid's!
Hm. So is this one of those
wine things or what?
It looks like a juicer to me.
Well, basically,
the more you crank this handle
the more the fruit inside
gets crushed,
which then forces
the juice out.
[exclaiming]
Let's try
and give it a whirl.
Mother, you called?
Something important came up
so I need you to go
to the royal capital
-with your father.
-What for?
Well, Pas, you see it's
concerning my father's letter.
He wanted to invite
Petra and me to the
royal capital at the
end of summer, but...
I don't know what I
should wear when I go,
I wanted
to get everyone's opinion.
So, we gathered all the clothes
we could find in the house
and had her try them on, but...
We don't have one single outfit
that will do her justice!
Oh...
It may be that
the only choice is
to have a new
outfit made for her,
but there's no
dressmaker in our fief
who sews things
worthy of nobility.
You want to use a
dressmaker in the capital?
We'd like you to go to town
and order a dress
in Licorice's size.
If we can just get
the basic form made,
we can add some fancy
embellishments to it here.
Shouldn't father be able
to handle that on his own?
Absolutely not!
Licorice wouldn't want some man
to know her exact measurement
and dress size,
now would she, Pastry?
[PAS]
I'm a man too, though.
[JOSEPHINE] That's not
the same. You're her fiance.
Right, Licorice, dear?
I don't mind if Pas knows.
That's fine.
-Goodness!
Oh. She's my fiancee.
Of course, there aren't
any secrets between us.
-You got that right!
[LICORICE] Father, I hope this
letter finds you well.
It's been a month since
my arrival in Morteln,
so I thought you
might want an update.
Are you baking
something in here, Pas?
It's what you've been
waiting for, Licorice.
It smells sublime!
It's a special cheesecake
made using goat's milk.
Oh, wow!
[LICORICE] The sweets that Pas
makes are like magic!
He always makes me smile!
[snoring]
[PAS]
Hey! Wake up!
Everyone's waiting on you.
Come on, Pas!
Don't act like such a brat.
I can eat the cake
right here in bed.
Just bring it--
Oh. Oh, no. You're here, too?
[JOSEPHINE] How
long were you watching?
Ever since you first
fell asleep.
[chuckling]
[LICORICE]
Everyone's been so kind
and they treat me like family.
I'm having great fun
every day.
With love, Licorice
I'm glad she's happy,
but I miss her.
How neat. What are you making?
Oh! That sounds good.
It's okay to get your hopes up.
Sweet!
♪